well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about a
certain group of people
who i think are being underutilized who
may not even realize they're being
underutilized
got a friend i have a local project that
i want to do and i'm
starting to put the pieces together and
i talked to this guy
and he's like no not not really
interested i'm
just i'm done i've done my part i'm
gonna stay here
stay the house he's a vet and he's seen
a lot
okay and he's at that point where
living's enough you know he lives in a
place even more remote than i live
and i get it on some level and if he
wants to do that he's entitled to it
but there are a whole bunch of
progressive vets out there
who may not realize how needed they are
because you have
a bunch of young progressives they're
just out of ait
they get it in theory but they've never
done it
not really not on the scale that's going
to be necessary in just a couple of
months
you do you do get it because you saw it
even if it wasn't your mos even if it
wasn't your job
specifically you saw it you saw people
building
communities literal communities
in your case towns villages
trying to make them more self-reliant
and resilient so they don't have to rely
on outside forces so they can't be
influenced right
you saw it and you have that skill set
because you understand logistics you
understand team building
you understand how important rights of
passage are to team building
you get the usefulness of hip pocket
classes
you can explain with personal experience
how sometimes taking the long way
is what ensures success
you can show them how to build that
community and they don't need
leaders they just need advice at times
and some of them
really just need the fine points they've
got the
they've got the rough sketch figured out
some of them are actively doing it
and you can just help them do it more
efficiently but you have the skills
and the mindset
you also can
be a good spokesperson because you
understand tradition
and how tradition is important but you
also understand the need to embrace the
new
the new technologies the new situation
the new obstacles
so you can overcome them wouldn't it be
great to use the skill set
and mindset that you already possess
to make the country better and to touch
on a theme that is probably going to be
be recurring over the next few months
what did you do it all for
what did you do it all for yeah you made
it there and back
in this guy's case quite a few times
why no matter how you look at it now
at this moment because how you view
your time over there changes
but i bet at that moment
you were looking out for your community
that was at the top of your list
your community being your unit you know
how important it is
you know no matter how dire the
situation
that level of community can get you
through it
and yeah it may not be something you you
want to do
but you're needed you you can
help guide
people who have the energy who have the
drive who are willing to get out there
they just don't have the skill set
and they're willing to learn there are
people
in your community in your physical
community right now who i am certain
could benefit from
a little bit of team building and yeah
you can't really do it right now because
of the public health thing but that's
gonna end
and the situations and the problems that
we're facing
they're still gonna be there you can
help
shape this country
and you don't have to lead i know that's
that's a part of it for a lot of people
they don't want they don't want to be in
that situation
and i get it they don't need leaders
they are leaders they need advisors and
you can do it
we don't have to accept the way things
are
i'm willing to bet you wanted a
better world at the very least a better
country
and you can help achieve that here
same skills just being applied
differently
you're needed anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day